This is the walkthrough for the hotel starting from the lobby. When you enter the front door, you will find a room attached to outside the building. Inside this room, there are a number of metallic surfaces with holes. There are holes in the floor but no holes on the walls or ceiling. There are air vent fixtures above. the gap between the floor an the ball is there to capture dust particles. When the hotel was the only habitable heart of the pets or skylight, deadly Martian dirt was removed in this room. This external William or chamber also possesses a removable section of ceiling. Situated under that sailing is a lift. This left, parallel to the hotel building, is a way to both enter the pet as well as away to reach the surface. In the event that someone has arrived on Mars and is visiting, this room or chamber is cleared in order to safely decontaminate the visitor. After decontamination, email leave the room or chamber. Decontamination can only occur in the room or chamber at the ground level. There is only an exit or entrance at the ground level. When the contamination has finished, there are two ways to leave the room or chamber. access to the hotel is one of the destinations available from that room. Another destination is outside the hotel. When you are outside the hotel, assuming that the environment is controlled, you will find a very familiar stretch of street lights. Instead of a bitchumen or road, you would see a lot of flat metallic surfaces. this is because, in the event that Martian soil is brought into this environment, it would be less than ideal to have particles trapped on surfaces. There is never a time when artificial lighting is not used, as there is no natural sunlight. We are also reliant upon artificial means for providing the right conditions to grow flora and fauna. For this reason, there are trees but no plants that require electromagnetic radiation other than the same radiation that humans need, for sight. That is anything in the visible spectrum, for humans. The metal surface is is also a reflection of the high availability of various metal resources on Mars. Rather than a High Street, just outside the hotel, you will see a number of buildings that do not prescribe to a particular plan. Every hotel has different surrounding buildings and the potential for unique culture is there because like minded individuals may have built buildings and also robots, with other like minded individuals in that particular location. On top of this, there will be art. Some more official than others, as there will be the mix of cloud hosted constructions and blockchain hosted construct hello ions. Most notably, buildings and utilities will be hosted in the cloud. Notably, the Mars terrain inside a pit or below a skylight is hosted on the block chain. however, the cloud hosted buildings and utilities are treated as further terrain for the block chain data to impose a mark on. Especially holographic and non holographic art. In the event that the blockchain data instructing modifications it's to the cloud hosted terrain, buildings and utilities, does not remain applicable due to changes such as removal or additions, that blockchains are so becomes invalid. an important thing to note is that web RTC, not cloud or blockchain is responsible for play characters and non player characters. This includes inside the hotel. When you walk into the hotel, from the room or chamber, there is the same materials and decor that you would find in a Starship. as you enter the lobby, there is tourist information on the right. A map of Arsia Mons is marked with all the available hotels. It is possible to visit the other hotels by selecting a destination and experiencing an animation. The display for the tourist information station is futuristic in that it uses holograms and is also able to show information not yet requested. There is a mode , appropriate for weather someone is in the proximity of the station and whether nobody is add jacent to the station. While someone is near the station, hand gestures are required to navigate the display options and selections. When not in virtual reality, the gestures must be triggered buy mouse and keyboard by default. On this basis one must consider the range of inputs. there must be a limited number of case strokes, if possible none. The mouse should in some way replace they motion capture of the hand. Potentially, non browser versions can support two mice.to the right of the lobby, there is the reception desk. Behind the reception desk, there is a none player character. This well showcase the robots artificial intelligence and provide a hint of security, as the futuristic and cryptography based locking mechanism for guest rooms will be effective. There will be metal guard rails shielding the reception from the public. There is seating against the same wall as the tourism station. The lobby is only a slither of the building horizontal to The entrance. The back wall of the lobby has an entrance in the middle and this leads to the lounge or bar. To the right of the entrance to the lounge or bar there is a back wall and there are further seats here. Therefore, there is ample seating for those waiting to be checked in or checked out. Perhaps a place to put luggage that is appropriate for the year 2050 would be adjacent to seating.
The entrance to the lounge or bar is a door. There is a metallic door. It slides rather than opens inward or outward. Also, it is a sensor door. The wall is decorated but not by default. The hotel manager will imprint on the wall a unique art. As you enter the lobby, the left of the entrance is the location of the lift. The lifts hug the same wall as the wall with the entrance. The further wall, also a wall dividing lobby from lounge and bar, is home to robots or machines. There is a pocket between the wall and the lifts. It is in here there are machines being stored. The deploying of machines happen not on a conveyor but a rail way and a carriage with an arm./
When you enter the lounge, you see an oval bar and a smart cabinet in the centre. Holographic display is above the cabinet of drinks. There is also a screen, which is to the left as you enter the lounge or bar. The end wall is dominated by the screen. Between the bar and the screen there is a tables and chairs. The chairs are far enough from the table that people may sit on them. 
On the other side of the lounge or bar, a few things are fitted in. Beyond the bar there is a hockey table, claw machine and room for several arcade machines. On the far wall there is not a wall but a window. The window exposes the public areas outside and the pit or lava tube. Keep in mind that metal has sealed the irregular walls and with a light shining on outside surfaces you have quite the view. When you enter the lift there are number buttons. The lift will not show moving parts as the lift moves. When you arrive on the other floors, you step out of the lift to a floor with the same dimensions as the first floor.
